Jetty-12 Remove usage of HandlerList and reduce usage of Handler.Collection (#9191)
eclipse/jetty.project: documentation/jetty-documentation/src/main/asciidoc/programming-guide/server/http/server-http-handler.adoc

An `org.eclipse.jetty.server.Handler` is the component that processes incoming HTTP requests and eventually produces HTTP responses.

> ``Handler``s can process and request themselves, or they can be ``Handler.Container``s that delegate requests to one or more contained ``Handler``s.  This allows ``Handler``s to be organised as a tree comprised of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Handler``s can process the HTTP request themselves, or they can be ``Handler.Container``s that delegate HTTP request processing to one or more contained ``Handler``s.
This allows ``Handler``s to be organized as a tree comprised of:
```

> ``Handler``s can process the HTTP request themselves, or they can be a ``Handler.Container``s that delegate HTTP request processing to one or more contained ``Handler``s.  This allows ``Handler``s to be organised as a tree comprised of:

Reviewer: All sentences on a new line, so `This allows...` needs to be on a new line.

Author: done.

> * leaf ``Handler``s that return true from the ``process`` method, generate a response and succeed the ``Callback``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Leaf ``Handler``s that return `true` from the `process(\...)` method, generate a response and succeed the ``Callback``.
```

Reviewer: This was not applied?

> * a ``Handler.Wrapper`` can be used to form a chain of ``Handler``s where request, response or callback objects are wrapped in the ``process`` method before being passed down the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A ``Handler.Wrapper`` can be used to form a chain of ``Handler``s where request, response or callback objects are wrapped in the ``process(\...)`` method before being passed down the chain.
```

Reviewer: Only partially applied?

> * a ``Handler.Collection`` contains a sequence of ``Handler``s, with each being called in series until one returns ``true`` from its ``process`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A ``Handler.Collection`` that contains a sequence of ``Handler``s, with each `Handler` being called in sequence until one returns `true` from its `process(\..)` method.
```

Reviewer: Not applied?

> * a specialized ``Handler.Container`` may use attributes of the request (e.g. `getHttpURI()``) to select from one or more contained ``Handler``s to delegate the `process` method call to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A specialized ``Handler.Container`` that may use properties of the request (for example, the URI, or one of the headers, etc.) to select from one or more contained ``Handler``s to delegate the HTTP request processing to.
```

Reviewer: Not applied?

> A ``Handler``s tree is created by composing ``Handler``s together:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A ``Handler`` tree is created by composing ``Handler``s together:
```
